Minor cleanup to breaking/checklist docs. (#19596)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/ChangeLog/20190830.md

## Core code formatting with clang-format

* All core files (`drivers/`, `quantum/`, `tests/`, and `tmk_core/`) have been formatted with clang-format

> * A travis process to reformat PRs on merge has been instituted

Reviewer: Travis? :D
```suggestion
* A GitHub Actions process to reformat PRs on merge has been instituted
```

Author: Nah, this is historical. We've got a GH Action, but it wasn't brought about at the time.
